Smokey the bear, Smokey the bear.
Hello there, folks.
This is Smokey, the forest fire-preventing bear.
Those singing friends of mine, the sons of the pioneers, have a song for you.
But first, how about joining us on a little visit to a big star?
Today, it's that wonderful fella they call Jingles, Mr. Andy Devine, who knows why it's so important to be careful with fire.
Hello, Smokey.
Hi, fella.
You know, I spend a lot of my time out of doors on the range and in the woods.
I've seen what can happen when fellas aren't careful, especially in clearing new ground and burning brush.
I've seen brush-burning fires get away and run wild, killing little trees and damaging the big ones, destroying their nests of birds and wildlife, messing up the land generally.
Well, it's not too tough to be careful if we just remember to be careful.
You know, it's a good idea if you're going to burn brush or any debris to pick a time late in the day when the weather's not too dry and the wind is down.
Plow or scrape a safety line around the brush pile.
Have plenty of tools, water, help handy.
And always check the local laws on burning.
Say...
Talking about the law, there goes Wild Bill.
Hey, Wild Bill, wait for me.
Hold on, Andy.
The sons of the pioneer here want a word with you.
Well, Andy, now, before you head out, we'd like to tell you about the Cherokee Strip.
In old Oklahoma they tell of a land That's famous for lizards and white diamond sand. They climb for their water
and dig for their wood On ten million acres that ain't any good. Come along with me to a land that is fair, Where
the ants and the grasshoppers nest in your hair. They drink from a jug and they shoot from the hip
And they have lots of fun on the Cherokee Strip.
Come a-tie-ie, yippee-i-o-t-o-t-e-ay, i-o-t-o-t-e-ay.
It's hotter than blazes from morning till night.
The prairie dog bark in the sand, it can't bite.
In all of the desert, this land is the worst. Where hornet toads starve and snakes die of thirst.
Come a-tie-ie, yippee-i-o-t-o-t-e-ay, i-o-t-o-t-e-ay. I bought me a section of cactus and sage, an old old be shanty that's battered with age.
Give me a bushel of corn and a plow, and I'll be rich hungry in ten years from now.
Come a-tie-ie, yippee-i-o-t-o-t-e-ay, i-o-t-o-t-e-ay. Whenever I die you can bury my bones And cover me over with Malapai stones
And right on my tombstone he came here to stay But he never stopped wishing he'd have died on the way
Come a-tie-ie, yippee-i-o-t-o-t-e-ay, i-o-t-o-t-e-ay. This wonderful country of pleasure and ease I'm always so hungry I'm weak in the knees.
With sand in my whiskers and holes in my clothes, how I keep living, the lord only knows. Come a-tie-ie, yippee-i-o-t-o-t-e-ay, i-o-t-o-t-e-ay.
Well, that's it for now, folks.
You know, it's your own state forestry department, along with the Forest Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, and this station you're listening to that make these get-togethers possible.
So until we can say hello there again and pay another little visit with another big star, this is Smokey and his pals, the sons of the pioneers, asking you to always remember, only you can prevent forest and range fires.
Smokey the Bear, Smokey the Bear.
prowling and a-growling and a-slip in the air.
He can find the fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name.
[Music.]